Add Okta CLI to QuickStart Guides (#1684)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/quickstart/create-org/website/create-org.md

You can create an account on our website:

> 1. Go to: <https://developer.okta.com/signup>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to: <https://developer.okta.com/signup>.
```

2. Fill out the form. You'll need to supply:

    - First name
    - Last name
    - Email address
    - Company

3. Click **Get Started**.

> 4. You receive an email to activate your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the link in the email that you receive to activate your account.
```
